# HackNXS

The problem statement we picked was based on the domain of interoperability and integration in healthcare systems. For these specifications we decided to design an advanced Chronic Disease Management System application with features including precision medication adherence, real-time prescription tracking, seamless integration of wearable health data through APIs, and secure bidirectional data exchange to elevate patient care and emergency responsiveness. The disarray in treatments and histories of users with chronic illnesses is what we aim to solve and help healthcare providers and pharmacies to reach the consumers directly through a unified system with centralized data about the patients entire medical history.

Upon first visiting the hospital, the patient is given a unique credential id and password with which they can access the portal we call CareConnect. Since it has a centralized database with different levels of authorization it ensures privacy and security for the users and empowers the doctor to observe the patient's health from the convenience of their homes. The medical calendar feature helps the user adhere to their regimen and in case of missed dosages, the app pushes notifications. If the user misses their dosage for an extended period of time, it directly alerts the doctor and allows them to call emergency services for the patient.

Using device data from electronical health wearables, the application aims to seamlessly construct a dashboard with all of the patients' needs. The doctor part of the interface allows them to view patient's history to determine the best course of treatment as well as update the treatment plan on the go. They are the sole administrators for the treatment plan field, allowing security from patient falsifying reports to obtain drugs illegally. Doctors also have appointments listed out as well as total number of patients, all their data (not including personal data irrelevant to the treatment), and their dosage schedules and adherence. Were a patient to miss doses, the doctor is alerted based on the risk factor. This risk factor is calculated by looking at the person's age, type of disease and severity of the disease. There is a red zone for patients who might potentially need emergency services, allowing doctors to maintain a track and prioritize them.
